Congratulations. You made it through the lesson,
Introduction to a Ethereum.
We covered a lot of ground in this lesson.
Let's do a quick recap on what we learned.
First off, we did a refresher on blockchain framework.
Then, we learned some Ethereum basic terminology,
plus the roadmap and consensus algorithm.
Next, we did a bit of a compare and contrast on proof of work versus proof of stake,
checked out some tools to monitor network performance,
and learned how private keys,
public keys, and addresses are generated during their transaction lifecycle in Ethereum.
In preparation for the projects ahead of you,
you also learned how to download and install the Ethereum Command Line Interface,
Ethereum Graphical User Interface, Ethereum wallet,
Minimalist wallet, and how to request for play Ether from the various forces.
We even managed to create a simple transaction in the Ethereum network.
Before we say our goodbyes,
please join our discussion group and
participate in the various conversations about these topics.
Should you have any questions, please do reach out.